Ferrarnost, Trinity.
The chaos.
Dearest creature in creation, studying English pronunciation.
I will teach you in my verse, co-host and worse.
It will keep you, Susie, busy. Make your head with heat, grow dizzy.
Tina and I. You address.
So shall I. Oh, here my prayer.
Pray console your loving poet.
Make my code look new, dear. So it.
Just compare Heartbeard, and heard.
Dies in diet. Lord.
Sought and sward retain, mined the letter, how it is written.
Mate has not the sound of bad say paid late, but.
Now I surely will not plague you with such words as vague and egg you, but be careful how you speak, but bleak and streak.
Previous precious fuchsia via pipe, recipe, and choir.
Cloven oven, howe and low.
Script, receipt, poem, toe.
Here, we say, devoid of trickery, daughter and terpicory.
Typhoid, measles, tops, aisles.
Exiles, similes, reviles, holy signal, signing.
Thames, examining.
Scholar, vicker and cigar.
Solar mica war.
From desire, admirable from admire.
And for the shop workflow.
Lumber plumber, but briar.
Chatham brewer, renowned but known, but common tone.
One anemone, Balmoral.
Kitchen, lichen, laundry, laurel.
Gertrude, German wind and mind.
Seen, malony, man.
Taught us turquoise, shammy leather reading heathen heather.
This phonetic labyrinth gives mosques, brook, brooch, 9.th
Billet does not end like bouquet, wallet, mallet, chalet.
Blood and flood are not like food.
Nor is mold like, should and would.
Banquet is not nearly parquet, which is said to run with dark.
Viscous Viscount load, and broad.
Toward, to forward, to reward.
And your pronunciations. Okay, when you say correctly, croquet.
Rounded, wounded, grieve and sieve.
Friend and fiend alive, and live.
Liberty Library, he and Heaven, Rachel ake moustache, 11.
We say Hello, but allowed people toed, but vowed.
Mark the difference, moreover, between mover, Dover.
Leeches, bridges, wise.
Chalice, but police and lice.
Camel, constable, unstable.
Principal disciple, label.
Petal, penal and canal.
Weight, surmise, Platte, promise.
So sweet ruin, circuit condit with circuit and beyond it. But it is not hard to tell why. It's Paul Mall. But Palm.
Muscle, muscular jail, climber, bullion, line.
Worm and storm chase, chaos, chair.
Senator, Spectator, Mayor.
Iv. Privy famous clamour and enamor rhyme with hammer.
Pussy, Hussey, and possess.
Desert, but desert address.
Go wolf countenance. Lieutenants hoist in lieu of flags, left pennants.
River. Rival Tomb.
And role and some and home.
Stranger does not ride with anger, neither does devour with clanger.
Soul, but foul and gaunt, but.
Front won't want Grant and Grant.
Choose those know you're wrong. This is the plural of dough.
Now 1st say finger and then singer, ginger.
And gauge, marriage, foliage, mirage.
Query does not rhyme with vary, not as fury like Berry.
Dust, lost post and Dust, cloth.
Job, job, blossom, bosom, oath.
Though the difference seems little, we say actual, but fiddle.
Seat, sweat, chaste, Lee, 8.
Put, not granite, but UN.
Reefer does not rhyme with deferred us, and zephyr heifer.
Dull Boll, Jeffrey, George et.
Pint pint Senate, but sedate.
Scenic, Arabic, Pacific.
Science, conscience.
Tour but hour and soccer for.
Gas, alas! And Arkansas.
See idea, guinea area, some Maria, but malaria, youth, south, Southern, cleanse and clean.
Doctrine, turpentine, marine.
Compare alien with Italian than the lion with battalion.
Sally with Ali, ye.
i i IA way key.
Say a verb, but ever fever, neither leisure.
Never guess. It is not safe.
We say cars, valves half, but rave.
Heron, granary, canary.
Crevice and device and airy.
But preface, but a face.
Phlegmatic assass, base.
Large but target give verging ought juiced and scour, but scourging.
Ear, but earn and wear and tear.
Do not rhyme with here, but air.
7 is right, but so is even.
Stephen.
Monkey, Donkey Clark and jerk.
Asp, grasp, wasp and cork and work.
Pronunciation. Think of Psyche is a paling spiky, won't it make you lose your wits writing and saying Grits.
It's a dark abyss or tunnel.
Tune with stones like roller. Gunnell.
Islington and Isle of Wight.
Has a verdict and indict.
Don't you think so, reader? Saying, Leather, father.
Finally, which shrines with enough.
Though through plow, cough, or tuff.
Pick up as the sound of cup.
My advice is.
Give it up.